some 16 a mikta of david preserve me O
God for in you I put my trust oh my soul
you have said to the Lord you are my
lord my goodness is nothing apart from
you as for the Saints who are on the
earth they are the excellent ones in
whom is all my delight their sorrows
shall be multiplied who hasten after
another God their drink offerings of
blood I will not offer or take up their
names on my lips o Lord you are the
portion of my inheritance and my cup you
maintain my lot the lines have fallen to
me in Pleasant places yes I have a good
inheritance I will bless the Lord who
has given me counsel my heart also
instructs me in the night seasons I have
set the Lord always before me
because he is at my right hand I shall
not be moved
therefore my heart is glad and my glory
rejoices my flesh also will rest in hope
for you will not leave my soul in Sheol
nor will you allow your Holy One to see
corruption you will show me a path of
life in your presence is fullness of joy
at your right hand are pleasures
forevermore